yesterday Michael here we be autos I'm
with Evan from EGA Hummer he's got a
beautiful truck 2008 Hummer h2 sut
gorgeous 10,000 miles on this bad boy
yeah this car is the luxury Series take
a look at it this is the last two years
of production very rare black black
black black navigation every option on
it I mean I just want to show you
something that you don't see on any
Hummer look at the frame on this car
it's clean it's like Brendan yeah all
the tags and suffer everywhere it's
closed down ten thousand one hundred
miles on it it's a one owner car garage
cap you're not gonna find cleaner meloa
smile SUT there's probably less than
1500 sut is made in oh eight and oh nine
that's it total yeah and it's got the
bigger transmission with 6.2 liter much
much better driving than the Hummers
before it you mean the engine is 6-0 ok
I mean it's just this car is immaculate
clean look I just want to show you
something else
yeah clear this you even got the sticker
on the cool on the back cover I mean
this car is like right out of the
shoulder yeah that's gorgeous cheese
scratches nothing
I mean this is a beautiful truck I love
this truck I don't even want to sell
this truck I like it that much
that's the beauty of it I is like
brand-new again look at the frame on
that looks like it came right from the
factory and it does beautiful when you
find the car like this side
pretty stock too huh everything is stock
I didn't put in the extra comb or
anything I want it to be original when
it's got this kind of mileage you want
it to look like it did when I look at
this
smells beautiful satellite radio
navigation rear DVD every option you can
get the luxury factors like the original
MSRP on those collars in the high 60s I
mean you got the TV the Panasonic to pop
down you want to see this is the thing
we love that button right there brings
that kind of thing are you doing yeah I
know you like my favorite is using
heated seats automatic headlamps and
10,000 51 miles smell new it does smells
brand-new it's a one owner car it's
freezing here by the way guys
not-so-nice I almost feel bad for if it
has to be outside today I told her
before the photo shoot you consolidate
it with her look at the backseat one
look at this I mean no one's ever sat in
here gorgeous looks like
Tourneau cover on the top here a lot of
these scars don't have them they don't
make them anymore so you can't find them
really coming from the elements this
this one's never been used
yeah no scratches I mean yes it's
beautiful even smells no it does you
know
a pretty truck
this is
look at all the owner's manuals all the
keys everything this Scot was sitting in
a showroom at a Hummer dealership
baby Walker
about another sut two thousand eight or
nine this kind of mileage out there
right now
well that's 100 grand beautiful well
guys thanks for joining us thank you my
name is Michael from Wiebe autos and
Evan from eg Hummer you can call me at
six three one three three nine zero
three nine nine in Evan five one six
four o for 6,500 thanks a lot and have a
great day